# Bitten

## The Foreigner

Hisayo had boarded the SS Leviathan in Kagoshima on a whim. She had no money, no heavy luggage - nothing to slow her down. All she brought with her was a small handbag. She was determined to leave behind the past and start over. But had not exactly prepared for spending the next two weeks inside a floating prison. The sleeping quarters had no windows, the meal plan was limited to three per day - unless you paid extra - and worst of all, passengers were not allowed to go outside for their own safety. Two weeks of breathing stale air and no moonlight.

But even within the confines of the vessel, she could sense the change in climate. The Leviathan was not a particularly glamorous steamship. She had been constructed hastily and cheaply, but she was sturdy enough to handle the journey. There was a small gap between the plates that housed Hisayo's quarters which the riveters had neglected to fix up, allowing her to feel the outside air. On the first days of the journey, the air was cool and dry, but now, only hours before arriving in Bangkok, the air felt oppressively humid and hot.

Hisayo's thoughts are interrupted by a gentle knocking on her cabin door. "We will be arriving at our destination shortly, please prepare to leave the vessel." She carefully inspects the room out of habit, even though she has not brought anything with her. Taking a deep breath, she walks out and grabs the knob to close the door behind her. "Freedom."

She wears a veiled fascinator to shade her pale skin from the harsh sunlight and she covers her mouth with a lace handkerchief, but the suffocating heat immediately squeezes out droplets of sweat from her face as soon as she walks out onto the deck. Her wooden zori clatter against the diagonal meshing of the non slip steel surface as she follows the other passengers. Her tabi socks cling to her sweaty skin, and her short dress provides no protection against the blazing heat that envelops her bare legs.

"I'm so sorry, I'm making so many creases," Hisayo apologizes, clinging onto the sleeves of the staff member who helps her down the gangway onto the docks. She does not feel light-headed, and yet, her legs feel like they could snap like matchsticks at any moment.

"It is my honor to assist you." The man responds formally, but coldly. His muscular arms carefully wrap around her in a secure embrace. His strides are long and steady, but he is going too fast for Hisayo. The man furrows his brow and tucks his arm in the fold of her knees. She does not get the chance to protest as she is rushed down the steps and discarded onto a chair. Without speaking a word, he leaves in a hurry.

As she takes a moment to catch her breath and compose herself, she can practically feel the prying eyes of the locals. And yet, when she looks around to meet their eyes, they promptly look away. Their eyes do not betray curiosity or attraction, only fear. Her almost sickly pallor contrasts starkly with their darker skin. Maybe she looks like a ghost to them. Maybe that is for the better.

Hisayo's legs have stopped shaking. She stands up and follows the stream of people who disembark from the Leviathan, handkerchief in hand to cover her mouth. Everybody else seems to know exactly where they are going. Leaving the harbor behind, she disappears into the massive crowd headed for a large intersection where tuktuk drivers and rickshaw runners loudly compete for customers.

A particularly old-fashioned tuktuk catches Hisayo's eyes and she promptly takes a seat in the carriage. Without saying a word, she smiles at the driver, but he is too terrified to say anything. Pointing towards the dense jungle, the driver starts his engine, and, without saying a word, they take off. The driver occasionally smiles awkwardly at Hisayo, hoping she would give him the word to stop, but she simply points at the jungle. She cannot keep her eyes off the driver's neck. He has good veins.

Dusk falls, and the tarmac is soon replaced by a pebble road until finally there is nothing left but dirt and mud. They have not seen another person in over an hour, the foliage has grown denser and the smell of the jungle more pungent. The driver turns off the engine, his fingers trembling as he turns the key. He speaks frantically, waving his arms and pinching his fingers, but Hisayo does not understand a word he says. Licking her lips in anticipation, she reaches into her handbag.

A muffled click is heard, followed by a sudden, metallic shriek. With surgical precision, Hisayo slashes through the driver's jugular in the blink of an eye, the momentum imparted by her short but unbelievably sharp tanto is just enough to make him turn away his head, diverting the fountain of blood away from her clothes. Hisayo takes off her fascinator, placing it beside her on the carriage while she waits for the man's blood pressure to drop. She neatly tucks her handkerchief in her handbag, revealing her mouth with no teeth and a gruesome tapestry of scars across her gums. The moonlight reflects in the pool of blood in front of her. She takes comfort in the warm, crimson tone.

Hisayo's body goes limp in the carriage, but her head stays in place, dislodged. It glides effortlessly through the air, floating right above the tuktuk driver. She gently kisses the incision on his throat, letting her tongue soak up the warm liquid, savouring it. She had missed the taste of blood, a taste she had desperately yearned for in those two weeks on that damned ship. The man's face grew ever paler, almost as pale as Hisayo's. He never stood a chance: Hisayo was a Nukekubi.

With her appetite sated, Hisayo's head reconnects with her body. She leans back in the tuktuk carriage, gazing up at the beautiful Thai night sky. She had travelled for two weeks, and yet all the stars were right there in their usual positions, exactly how she remembered them back in Japan. It was as if they had travelled along with her, to watch over her in this unfamiliar realm. She was, undeniably, a stranger here, but she would never go back. Not after they took her teeth.